ADA told them it's tomorrow wife off to
go with my red dress yeah but now it's
looking like Madonna this is not Madonna
and May there is this but soon I'm going
on a diet what are you missing
grapefruit oh I was on that lots of luck
it's not so bad on it all day all day
it's one o'clock I'm thinking thin she's
thinking thin my Louise she lost 50
pounds just like that like that like
what poof she went to a doctor and he
gave her pills
you don't want to eat so what's so good
about that
you mean I'm sitting here and not
thinking about chopped liver and
pastrami on rye
you know you really shouldn't talk like
that when someone's on the dies Oh big
deal I'll sneak another wedge of
grapefruit I'm thinking then is there a
mailman Sara Goldfarb you have something
for Sara goes huh I'm expecting
something's goes there goes
aha dynomite
alright we are our alright Cody's man
said he got some real all right man
let's do this right
[Music]